My mentor I
No need to be so polite.
Just call me from childhood.
I've been waiting for you for 20 years.
When I was growing up, you were exactly what I imagined.
Keep you waiting
This is the necklace I bought for you.
I like it.
Let's interview.
Promotion Conference
It's coming soon.
150 million 150 million
I'm rich.
Compared to as a child.
Why has it changed so much?
Ninh Ninh
I've got to go deal with something.
Then you go.
No, they won't.
You're finally here.
Stay away from me.
I'm not that you wouldn't charm
Right.
Who seduces you?
Such a narcissistic person, I only have problems with the mind, I consider him as my gentle, understanding brother.
This is what everyone has.
Mathematics, don't be sad.
What happened, the brother you were waiting for, he sent someone here.
Except for his heart.
I don't want to keep my promise to marry you.
Did he leave contact information?
I want to hear him speak for himself.
No, he doesn't want to get involved with you.
And take your pocket watch.
Even the love token was taken away.
It turned out that from the beginning to the end, I was the only one who kept the appointment.
Snow, don't blame me.
No one can refuse to be a rich lady.
First snow, you want to open a little?
Yeon-yeon, where did you get this necklace?